1 Most Threatening
5 Least Threatening


1)SSH CRC32 attack detection code contains remote integer overflow
	This is the most harmful malicious attack that could occur because
with root privliges you can run anything and exploit anything without any
restrictions. Some code might not be able to be run because it needs root
permission. But with root permission already, you are already the super user
and can do anything on the computer.

2)Microsoft Internet Explorer 8 CGenericElement object use-after-free
vulnerability
	This would be the next threatening because many people use internet
explorer so it is an attack for many users. As opposed to the IBM one which
not a lot of people use IBM Notes, IE is a more popular program and widespread
since many people just click on websites without thinking about exploits or
viruses. Based on this, an attacker could execute malicious code or craft a
malicious website that exploits the user. This problem though is not that bad
since only version 8 is affected and a person could just update their internet
explorer in order to fix the issue. This is the only reason why IE has a
chance to be less mallicious than IBM Notes

3)IBM Notes runs arbitrary JAVA and Javascript in emails
	This is the most threatening becuase being able to run any kind of
arbitrary code via email is a serious issue. This means that if someone is
under attack and the attacker is able to execute arbitrary code, they will be
able to open a shell that has admin privleges and can do anything from wiping
the hard drive to implanting a malicious attack.

4)Linux kernel perf_swevent_enabled array out-of-bound access privilege
escalation vulnerability
	This could be a problem since a user that you thought you could trust
or someone working under you gets the permission or removing files or doing
something harmful to the system. This is not a very serious case because the
person would have to be a trusted individual first or all and there updates
you can install to resolve the issue. But if an individual is able to get into
the system and change the permission settings, things can really go wrong by
setting the user as root.

5)Serva32 2.1.0 TFTPD service buffer overflow vulnerability
	This is type of problem is not that threatening since it only causes
an application to crash and something that crashes can always be rebooted in
which the attacker would need to crash it again. The main reason why this
problem is troublesome and of importance and might be ranked higher than the
linux kernel problem is because there seems to be no
solutions or fixes to this problem. 
